[DO] Reference DO name using `init` (#20309)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/durable-objects/examples/reference-do-name-using-init.mdx

	}
}

//  * Create a Durable Object class
//  * You can use the RpcDO class to set the Durable Object metadata

export class MyDurableObject extends DurableObject<Env> {
	constructor(ctx: DurableObjectState, env: Env) {
		super(ctx, env);
	}

	//  * Initialize the RpcDO class
	//  * You can set the Durable Object metadata here
	//  * It returns an instance of the RpcDO class
	//  * @param doIdentifier - The identifier of the Durable Object

	async setMetaData(doIdentifier: string) {
		return new RpcDO(this, doIdentifier);
	}

	//  * Function that computes a greeting message using the user's name and DO identifier
	//  * @param userName - The user's name to include in the greeting
	//  * @param doIdentifier - The identifier of the Durable Object

	async computeMessage(
		userName: string,
		doIdentifier: string,
	): Promise<string> {
		console.log({
			userName: userName,
			durableObjectIdentifier: doIdentifier,
		});
		return `Hello, ${userName}! The identifier of this DO is ${doIdentifier}`;
	}

	//  * Function that is not in the RpcTarget
	//  * Not every function has to be in the RpcTarget

	private async notInRpcTarget() {
		return "This is not in the RpcTarget";
	}

> 	//  * Function that takes the user's name and doesn't use the Durable Object identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	//  * Function that takes the user's name and does not use the Durable Object identifier
```

	//  * @param userName - The user's name to include in the greeting

	async simpleGreeting(userName: string) {
		// Call the private function that is not in the RpcTarget
		console.log(this.notInRpcTarget());

		return `Hello, ${userName}! This doesn't use the DO identifier.`;
	}
}

export default {
	async fetch(request, env, ctx): Promise<Response> {
		let id: DurableObjectId = env.MY_DURABLE_OBJECT.idFromName(
			new URL(request.url).pathname,
		);
		let stub = env.MY_DURABLE_OBJECT.get(id);

		//  * Set the Durable Object metadata using the RpcTarget
		//  * Notice that no await is needed here

		const rpcTarget = stub.setMetaData(id.name ?? "default");

		// Call the Durable Object method using the RpcTarget.
		// The DO identifier is passed in the RpcTarget
		const greeting = await rpcTarget.computeMessage("world");

> 		// Call the Durable Object method that doesn't use the Durable Object identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		// Call the Durable Object method that does not use the Durable Object identifier
```

	constructor(ctx: DurableObjectState, env: Env) {
		super(ctx, env);
	}

	//  * Initialize the RpcDO class
	//  * You can set the Durable Object metadata here
	//  * It returns an instance of the RpcDO class
	//  * @param doIdentifier - The identifier of the Durable Object

	async setMetaData(doIdentifier: string) {
		// Use DO storage to store the Durable Object identifier
		await this.ctx.storage.put("doIdentifier", doIdentifier);
		return new RpcDO(this, doIdentifier);
	}

	//  * Function that computes a greeting message using the user's name and DO identifier
	//  * @param userName - The user's name to include in the greeting

	async computeMessage(userName: string): Promise<string> {
		// Get the DO identifier from storage
		const doIdentifier = await this.ctx.storage.get("doIdentifier");
		console.log({
			userName: userName,
			durableObjectIdentifier: doIdentifier,
		});
		return `Hello, ${userName}! The identifier of this DO is ${doIdentifier}`;
	}

	//  * Function that is not in the RpcTarget
	//  * Not every function has to be in the RpcTarget

	private async notInRpcTarget() {
		return "This is not in the RpcTarget";
	}

> 	//  * Function that takes the user's name and doesn't use the Durable Object identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	//  * Function that takes the user's name and does not use the Durable Object identifier
```

	//  * @param userName - The user's name to include in the greeting

	async simpleGreeting(userName: string) {
		// Call the private function that is not in the RpcTarget
		console.log(this.notInRpcTarget());

		return `Hello, ${userName}! This doesn't use the DO identifier.`;
	}
}

export default {
	async fetch(request, env, ctx): Promise<Response> {
		let id: DurableObjectId = env.MY_DURABLE_OBJECT.idFromName(
			new URL(request.url).pathname,
		);
		let stub = env.MY_DURABLE_OBJECT.get(id);

		//  * Set the Durable Object metadata using the RpcTarget
		//  * Notice that no await is needed here

		const rpcTarget = stub.setMetaData(id.name ?? "default");

		// Call the Durable Object method using the RpcTarget.
		// The DO identifier is stored in the Durable Object's storage
		const greeting = await rpcTarget.computeMessage("world");

> 		// Call the Durable Object method that doesn't use the Durable Object identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		// Call the Durable Object method that does not use the Durable Object identifier
```
